tools/generators/README.md, before:

# `.xcodeproj` generators

The `.xcodeproj` file bundle has multiple files inside of it. The generators
in this package are responsible for creating those various files.

## `PBXProj`

The most important file in the `.xcodeproj` file bundle is the `project.pbxproj`
file. This file details the project itself, and controls almost all of Xcode’s
behavior related to the project. Other projects, such as
[XcodeProj](https://github.com/tuist/XcodeProj), call the type that this file
represents “`PBXProj`”, so we will too from here on.

Instead of there being a single generator for `PBXProj`, there are multiple,
with each generating a portion of the end file. These portions are called
“partials”. These partials are concatenated together to form the final
`project.pbxproj` file. We use this approach for a couple reasons:

- Each generator only needs a subset of the total inputs needed to generate the
  full `PBXProj`. This means that when the project changes, not every generator
  will need to run, resulting in faster project generation.
- Each generator can receive “raw” input, reducing the amount of Bazel analysis
  phase CPU time and memory retained, resulting in faster project generation and
  lower Bazel server constant memory usage.

Below is a list of the `PBXProj` partial generators, and a high level
description of what each one does. Please see their associated READMEs for more
information.

- [`pbxproj_prefix`](pbxproj_prefix/README.md):
  - The start of the `PBXProj` element
  - All of the `BazelDependencies` related objects:
    - `Generate Bazel Dependencies` script build phase
    - `Create swift_debug_settings.py` script build phase
    - `XCBuildConfiguration`
    - `XCBuildConfigurationList`
  - `BazelDependencies` `PBXAggregateTarget`
  - All of the `PBXProject` related objects:
    - `XCBuildConfiguration`
    - `XCBuildConfigurationList`
  - The start of the `PBXProject` element
  - Contains all `PBXProject` properties except for
    `attributes.TargetAttributes`, `targets`, and `knownRegions`
- [`pbxtargetdependencies`](pbxtargetdependencies/README.md):
  - Creates four+ files:
    - A partial containing the `PBXTargetDependency` and `PBXContainerItemProxy` objects
    - A partial containing the `PBXProject.attributes.TargetAttributes` property
    - A partial containing:
      - The `PBXProject.targets` property
      - Closes the `PBXProject` element
    - A set of files, each detailing how a set of configured targets are consolidated together
- `pbxnativetargets`:
  - Run once on each shard of all the targets
  - All of the `PBXNativeTarget` related objects:
    - `XCBuildConfiguration`
    - `XCBuildConfigurationList`
    - and various build phases
- [`files_and_groups`](files_and_groups/README.md):
  - Creates three files:
    - A partial containing the `PBXProject.knownRegions` property
    - A partial containing:
      - `PBXFileReference`s
      - `PBXGroup`s
      - `PBXBuildFile`s
      - Closes the `PBXProj` element
    - A file containing a string for the `RESOLVED_REPOSITORIES` build setting

## Xcode schemes

Both [automatic schemes](docs/bazel.md#xcodeproj-scheme_autogeneration_mode) and
[custom schemes](docs/bazel.md#xcodeproj-schemes) are generated by the
[`xcschemes`](xcschemes/README.md) generator.

Commit message:

Add `target_build_settings` generator
Signed-off-by: Brentley Jones <github@brentleyjones.com>

tools/generators/README.md, after:

# `.xcodeproj` generators

The `.xcodeproj` file bundle has multiple files inside of it. The generators
in this package are responsible for creating those various files.

## `PBXProj`

The most important file in the `.xcodeproj` file bundle is the `project.pbxproj`
file. This file details the project itself, and controls almost all of Xcode’s
behavior related to the project. Other projects, such as
[XcodeProj](https://github.com/tuist/XcodeProj), call the type that this file
represents “`PBXProj`”, so we will too from here on.

Instead of there being a single generator for `PBXProj`, there are multiple,
with each generating a portion of the end file. These portions are called
“partials”. These partials are concatenated together to form the final
`project.pbxproj` file. We use this approach for a couple reasons:

- Each generator only needs a subset of the total inputs needed to generate the
  full `PBXProj`. This means that when the project changes, not every generator
  will need to run, resulting in faster project generation.
- Each generator can receive “raw” input, reducing the amount of Bazel analysis
  phase CPU time and memory retained, resulting in faster project generation and
  lower Bazel server constant memory usage.

Below is a list of the `PBXProj` partial generators, and a high level
description of what each one does. Please see their associated READMEs for more
information.

- [`pbxproj_prefix`](pbxproj_prefix/README.md):
  - The start of the `PBXProj` element
  - All of the `BazelDependencies` related objects:
    - `Generate Bazel Dependencies` script build phase
    - `Create swift_debug_settings.py` script build phase
    - `XCBuildConfiguration`
    - `XCBuildConfigurationList`
  - `BazelDependencies` `PBXAggregateTarget`
  - All of the `PBXProject` related objects:
    - `XCBuildConfiguration`
    - `XCBuildConfigurationList`
  - The start of the `PBXProject` element
  - Contains all `PBXProject` properties except for
    `attributes.TargetAttributes`, `targets`, and `knownRegions`
- [`pbxtargetdependencies`](pbxtargetdependencies/README.md):
  - Creates four+ files:
    - A partial containing the `PBXTargetDependency` and `PBXContainerItemProxy` objects
    - A partial containing the `PBXProject.attributes.TargetAttributes` property
    - A partial containing:
      - The `PBXProject.targets` property
      - Closes the `PBXProject` element
    - A set of files, each detailing how a set of configured targets are consolidated together
- [`target_build_settings`](target_build_settings/README.md):
  - Run once for each target
  - Each target generates a file that contains one or more build settings:
    - `DEBUG_INFORMATION_FORMAT`
    - `OTHER_CFLAGS`
    - `OTHER_SWIFT_FLAGS`
    - `SWIFT_COMPILATION_MODE`
    - etc.
- `pbxnativetargets`:
  - Run once on each shard of all the targets
  - All of the `PBXNativeTarget` related objects:
    - `XCBuildConfiguration`
    - `XCBuildConfigurationList`
    - and various build phases
- [`files_and_groups`](files_and_groups/README.md):
  - Creates three files:
    - A partial containing the `PBXProject.knownRegions` property
    - A partial containing:
      - `PBXFileReference`s
      - `PBXGroup`s
      - `PBXBuildFile`s
      - Closes the `PBXProj` element
    - A file containing a string for the `RESOLVED_REPOSITORIES` build setting

## Xcode schemes

Both [automatic schemes](docs/bazel.md#xcodeproj-scheme_autogeneration_mode) and
[custom schemes](docs/bazel.md#xcodeproj-schemes) are generated by the
[`xcschemes`](xcschemes/README.md) generator.
